7th Jan 2003


0) SlowDraw doesn't resize boxes
   SlowDraw doesn't draw characters sometimes


1) Move to swing
  - Scale bar update on scrolling
  - Change to JFrame,JPanels,JScrollBars,JMenuBar
  - Move menu to frame


2) Calculate consensus
   Consensus panel doesn't appear
   Lower case residues shouldn't throw Exception in setNums
   Calculate conservation - doesn't

3) ColourSchemes

   - PID doesn't work - consensus stuff isn't working
   - User defined doesn't bring up Frame
   - Secondary structure/hydro/helix/strand/turn/buried don't work - sets to white
   - By conservation doesn't work

4) Error dialog - Apply button - change to ok . remove cancel

5) Sorting by tree error dialog - buttons oddly arranged
   Remove redundancy dialog - buttons oddly arranged

6) Selected sequence ids should colour text.
   Drag select of sequences misses some sequences out.
   IdPanel - large fonts don't produce the right width.
   Background of ids should not be black

7) Help
 - Information doesn't open URL
 - Contents doesn't open URL
 - no about option

8) PCA
   PCA - Memory warning for large alignments.
   PCA - doesn't calculate on selected sequences only.
   PCA - rubber bands.

9) Move selected sequences to new alignment doesn't update the screen.

10) Change gap character - doesn't

11) Bold should be checkbox
    Italic should be in and checkbox
    Colour text - should be checkbox and remove black text
    View text - doesn't update when switched off (works when switched back on)

12) Closing alignment frame when generated from input via text box exits application
Sequence Features
   - needs refactoring.
  

13) Trees
    Tree dialog to set matrix and sequence selection.
    Tree Frame should have menu for File Save and Print
    Tree font menu is odd.
    Size for sequence ids in TreePanel is hard coded - ids go off panel for large font sizes.
    Clicking close on Tree Frame exits application

14) Align
 - local alignment - should be clustal
 - should have parameter dialog - run on selected
 - Command progress could be prettier.
 - Remote alignment at EBI - error dialog if can't connect.  Doesn't work
 - Remove Postal
 - Include jnet binaries (linux,

Editing is slow on osx !!!

15) Groups
    Editing groups panel is pants.
    Group editing doesn't work. - adding selected sequences doesn't work
    Selecting sequences is very slow to update the screen on osx
    Group Editing - exception when >1 group.

16) Columns
    Deleting left of selected columns doesn't update the colours properly
    Remove gapped columns doesn't work when gaps at end of alignment


17) Scale panel should resize with font size.

18) Input alignment via text box - change to edit alignment with format options and option for new alignment andButton for selected sequences only
    Should show alignment in default format
    Updates output automatically when the format is changed

19) User defined colours - use swing colour chooser.
    One apply button
    Cancel button
    Color setting isn't implemented yet

20) Printing  - should be printjobified.

21) View scores - doens't do anything

22) Wrap alignment - doesn't work

23) Consensus panel


25) Menus 
  Font menu - could be better designed.
  reorganize
  make tearoff
New features
------------

Speed - try out JPanel for each sequence

Overview panel
  - shows whole alignment with rectangle showing viewed portion
  - clicking on the panel moves view to that position.

Popup menus for ids - showing
   - link to URL (entry/genome position)
   - associate with PDB structure
   - Show pdb structure
   - delete
   - add/remove to group 
   - Edit annotations
  
Popup menu for selected column(s)
   - Add annotations
   - Delete/delete to left of/right of

Popup menu for selected residues
 - Create annotation
 - 
 - delete/delete to left of/right of

   - Realign 
 

Multiple views of the same alignment
 
Undo/Redo

Rerooting of tree panel

Make nodes blocky

External analysis - blast,clustalw,phylogeny

Sequence fetching

Different editing modes

Collapsing gaps
Fixing columns/regions
Keyboard editing
Selected residue

Jumping through selected residues/columns/ids

Collapsing grouped sequences into one representative sequence/consensus

Reading/writing annotations

Reading from ensembl database - genes with evidence/regions

Families!!

Apollo interaction.

Pipeline web page



Pogvue - 12th October 2007

Omega densities in top panel

Sequence densities in top panel?  How long would it take to generate these?

Sequence tracks and omega track in bottom panel

Gene structures (lazy fetched)

Sequence Logos

   


 

Pogvue 23rd December 2008


Pogvue todo :


Logos for the alignment

Search panel for motifs

Tree display for features

Feature search

Graph display

Feature height proportional to score

Translation of genes

Gene squeeze.

Gene comparison -  cartoon comparison

Sequence and tree display

Colour sequence by clade

Logos by clade

Distribution plots

Beautify the display 

     Clearer fonts
     Distinguish tracks
     Separators between tracks
     Move tracks
     Delete tracks
     List tracks     
     Change track colours
     Simplify and clarify - not quite sure how to do this
     Chromoview - context
     Make obvious the bottom panel is blow up of the top panel
     Scale with commas
     Show chromosome and coords and no. base pairs in view

          

Fix AlignmentPanel

Printing postscript

Auto-zoom - 
zoom to whole gene, 
zoom to promoter,  
Tab to next feature

Gene info display - description, pid etc, publications, GO, expression, 

Bookmarking
Save to file

Transfac summary

Beautification??
     Column demarcation?
     

Progress bars - on loading, sequence fetching, searching

Fetch graphs - only fetch on sequence fetch in bottom panel

More single key zoom levels

Make arrow keys work

'Adenosine!', 'Cytosine!', 'Thymine!', 'Guanine' - bugger!

Position of mutations on tree

Position of indels on tree

Indel density

Kmer frequencies

Names of repeats

Quality scores in alignments
Gaps in alignments - real or otherwise

Beautification
     Better gene display
     UTRs on genes
     Strand displayed better - arrows etc
     Bumping of labels
     Better labels
     

Quickview for sequence.

Pwm generation from features


Drag select to zoom

Drag to select search region

Transparent overlay for bottom panel

Fancy damped  scrolling

Colours - more transparency - find good examples of displaying data.

  - Guardian examples are good
  - there's the Dutch guy - he was on TED
  - Tufte

Make more use of colour and size


animations?????  Root to human motif changes?

Human - Rodent - Hedgehog - Dolphin motif changes.


Fade in and out - when changing regions?

Fade to grey when waiting for new data?


Diced data - with gffs.  Can we do this on the fly?




************** Fix the display bug!!!!!!! **************************


Fix yscroll

Goto middle,start,end

Linkouts


Alignment coverage shadow.

Scale logos by score

Default analysis of genes - conserved splice sites, conserved start and stop,  TATA box polyA site, indels

Alignment statistics - percent identity, coverage, feature density etc.

     Add gff features
     Read maf
     

Domain display

Structure display


Questions to ask :

     I have the name of a gene

     Find the gene
     
     Where is it

     What is its structure

     What are the characteristics of the gene (constraint, no exons, domains,   promoter architecture, UTR architecture, no transcripts,  likely function,  how many paralogs, how many orthologs?)

     What are the likely regulatory motifs and where are they?

     Are there any known mutations or associations with disease?

     What genes share these regulatory motifs?

     Are there any common combinations of motifs?

     Common promoter architecture

     Common UTR architecture

     Similarly expressed genes

     Comparison to paralog architecture

     Comparison to common domain architecture

Similarly for a region.

Similarly for a collection of genes,  similarly expressed genes.

Similarly for a collection of regions - e.g. chip seq.  common kmers.

Search transfac table with sequence.

 
